Feature/set protocol docu (#126)
eclipse/kuksa.val: doc/protocol/README.md

# KUKSA.val Protocol

KUKSA.val supports VISS V1 https://www.w3.org/TR/vehicle-information-service/ and extensions as well as parts of the upcomming VISS2 standard (https://raw.githack.com/w3c/automotive/gh-pages/spec/Gen2_Core.html, https://raw.githack.com/w3c/automotive/gh-pages/spec/Gen2_Transport.html), that are applicable to in-vehicle VSS servers. 

> This documentation will detail, what is supported on the Websocket Interface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following documents will detail, what is supported on the Websocket Interface:
```
